[CPU][ARM] Update ARM documentation in 24.1 release (#24141)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/running-inference/inference-devices-and-modes/cpu-device.rst

  - ``f32`` (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
  - ``bf16`` (Intel® x86-64)

>   - ``f16`` (Arm®)

Author: Fixed

- ``f32`` (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
- ``bf16`` (Intel® x86-64)

> - ``f16`` (Arm®)

Author: Fixed

The default floating-point precision of a CPU primitive is ``f32``. On platforms that natively support half-precision calculations (``bfloat16`` or ``float16``),
half-precision type (``bf16`` or ``f16``) is automatically used instead of ``f32`` to achieve better performance (see the `Execution Mode Hint <#execution-mode-hint>`__).

> Thus, no special steps are required to run a half-precision model.

Author: Fixed

To support the ``f16`` OpenVINO IR on platforms that does not natively support ``float16`` the plugin internally converts
all the ``f16`` values to ``f32`` and all the calculations are performed using the native precision of ``f32``.

Using the half-precision provides the following performance benefits:

> - ``bfloat16`` data type allows using Intel® Advanced Matrix Extension (AMX), which provides dramatically faster computations on corresponding hardware in comparison with AVX512 or AVX2 instructions in many DL operation implementations.

Author: Fixed

> - Reduced memory consumption since half-precision data half the size of 32-bit float.

Reviewer: Reduced memory footprint since most of weight and activation tensors are stored in `half-precision`

For more details about the ``bfloat16`` format, see
the `BFLOAT16 – Hardware Numerics Definition white paper <https://software.intel.com/content/dam/develop/external/us/en/documents/bf16-hardware-numerics-definition-white-paper.pdf>`__.
To check if the CPU device can support the half-precision data type, use the :doc:`query device properties interface <query-device-properties>`

> to query ``ov::device::capabilities`` property, which should contain ``FP16`` or ``BF16`` in the list of CPU capabilities:

Author: Now `FP16` capability is added without any check, so FP16 is presented in every platform: https://github.com/alvoron/openvino/blob/39a15594680488c9bfa120925a58dc4c6cd54844/src/plugins/intel_cpu/src/plugin.cpp#L488
I believe shows the possibility, not native support. Is it expected behaviour?

> to query ``ov::device::capabilities`` property, which should contain ``FP16`` or ``BF16`` in the list of CPU capabilities:

Author: As were discussed with Dmitry, the check is required. It's implemented in the dedicated PR: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/24164

- ``f32`` (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)
- ``bf16`` (Intel® x86-64)
- ``f16`` (Intel® x86-64, Arm®)

The default floating-point precision of a CPU primitive is ``f32``. To support the ``f16`` OpenVINO IR on platforms that does not natively support ``float16`` the plugin internally converts
all the ``f16`` values to ``f32`` and all the calculations are performed using the native precision of ``f32``.

> On platforms that natively support half-precision calculations (``bfloat16`` or ``float16``), half-precision type (``bf16`` or ``f16``) is automatically used instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On platforms that natively support half-precision calculations (``bfloat16`` or ``float16``), the half-precision type (``bf16`` or ``f16``) is automatically used instead
```

of ``f32`` to achieve better performance (see the `Execution Mode Hint <#execution-mode-hint>`__).
Thus, no special steps are required to run a model with ``bf16`` or ``f16`` inference precision.

Using the half-precision provides the following performance benefits:

> - ``bfloat16`` and ``float16`` data types allow using Intel® Advanced Matrix Extension (AMX) on 4+ generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors, which provides dramatically faster computations on corresponding hardware in comparison with AVX512 or AVX2 instructions in many DL operation implementations.
> - ``float16`` data type allows using ``armv8.2-a+fp16`` extension on ARM64 CPUs, which significantly improves performance due to doubled vector capacity.
> - Reduced memory footprint since most of weight and activation tensors are stored in half-precision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``bfloat16`` and ``float16`` data types enable Intel® Advanced Matrix Extension (AMX) on 4+ generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors, resulting in significantly faster computations on the corresponding hardware compared to AVX512 or AVX2 instructions in many deep learning operation implementations.
- ``float16`` data type enables the ``armv8.2-a+fp16`` extension on ARM64 CPUs, which significantly improves performance due to the doubled vector capacity.
- Memory footprint is reduced since most weight and activation tensors are stored in half-precision.
```
